docs: update docs with the bind and struct changes (#155)
google/wire: docs/guide.md

var Set = wire.NewSet(
    provideMyFooer,
    wire.Bind(new(Fooer), new(*MyFooer)),
    provideBar)
```

> The first argument to `wire.Bind` is a pointer to the desired interface type and

Reviewer: The "a value of" is still correct.

```suggestion
The first argument to `wire.Bind` is a pointer to a value of the desired interface type and
```

> the second argument is a pointer to the concrete type, or a pointer to a pointer

Reviewer: Same here. (And I recommend striking the rest of the sentence.)

```suggestion
the second argument is a pointer to a value of the type that implements the interface.
```

to the concrete type, such as in this case, we want wire to bind the interface
to the pointer type. Any set that includes an interface binding must also have a
provider in the same set that provides the concrete type.

[type identity]: https://golang.org/ref/spec#Type_identity
[return concrete types]: https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments#interfaces

### Struct Providers

Structs can also be marked as providers. Use the `wire.Struct` function to

> inject a struct type and tells the injector which field(s) should be injected,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inject a struct type and tell the injector which field(s) should be injected.
```

> an injector will fill in each field using the corresponding provider. For a

Reviewer: (I'm taking this as an opportunity to improve upon the original prose:)

```suggestion
The injector will fill in each field using the provider for the field's type. For a
```

    provideBar)
```

The first argument to `wire.Bind` is a pointer to a value of the desired interface type and
the second argument is a pointer to a value of the type that implements the interface.

> to the concrete type, such as in this case, we want wire to bind the interface

Reviewer: Strike rest of dangling sentence here.

Author: Done.

func ProvideBar() Bar {/* ... */}

type FooBar struct {
    MyFoo Foo

>     MyBar Bar

Reviewer: Since you've renamed the fields, you will also need to update the generated code below.

Author: Done.

var Set = wire.NewSet(
    ProvideFoo,
    ProvideBar,

>     wire.Struct(new(FooBar), "*"))

Reviewer: Hm. The `"*"` syntax isn't introduced until later in the prose. Perhaps use:

```suggestion
    wire.Struct(new(FooBar), "Foo", "Bar"))
```

Would be good to change the field names or types to differentiate a little. (Maybe `MyFoo` and `MyBar` for the field names?)

Author: Done.

}
```

The first argument to `wire.Struct` is a pointer to the desired struct type and

> the rest arguments are strings whose values are the names of the desired values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the subsequent arguments are the names of fields to be injected.
```

```

The first argument to `wire.Struct` is a pointer to the desired struct type and
the subsequent arguments are the names of fields to be injected.

> to be injected. Use the special string `"*"` as a shortcut to tell the injector

Reviewer: Strike dangling sentence:

```suggestion
Use the special string `"*"` as a shortcut to tell the injector
```
